---
id: i18n
title: Internationalization
---

By default, the language and locale are determined based on the list of preferences supplied by a web browser. 
GeoIP is used to determine the visitor’s country and their local currency.

> **Note**
>
> Saleor uses Transifex to coordinate translations. 
> If you wish to help, head to [the translation dashboard](https://www.transifex.com/mirumee/saleor-1/).
>
> All translations are handled by the community. All translation teams are open and everyone is welcome to request a new language.


## Translation

Saleor uses `gettext` for translation. This is an industry standard for translating software and it is the most common way to translate Django applications.

Saleor’s storefront and dashboard are both prepared for translation. 
The storefront and dashboard use separate translation domains and can be translated separately. 
Additionally, all translation strings are equipped with context description, to make translation an easier and more accurate.

Saleor enables you to translate database content (for example, product descriptions). For more on this topic, see the [Translations](dashboard/translations.md) section.


## Localization

### Data formats

Saleor uses [Babel](http://babel.pocoo.org/en/latest/) as the interface to Unicode’s CLDR library to provide accurate number and date formatting, as well as proper currency designation.


### Address forms

[Google’s address format database](https://github.com/mirumee/google-i18n-address) is used to provide locale-specific address formats and forms. 
It also handles the address validation so you do not need to know how to address a package to China or whether they use postal codes in the United Arab Emirates (_they don’t_).


### Currency conversion

Saleor is able to use currency exchange rate data to show price estimations in the customer’s local currency. Consult [Open Exchange Rates](integrations/openexchangerates.md) for instructions on how to set this up for [Open Exchange Rates](https://openexchangerates.org/).


### Phone numbers format

Saleor is able to use [Google’s `libphonenumber` library](https://github.com/googlei18n/libphonenumber) to ensure phone numbers provided by your customers are correct. 
You need to choose prefix and type the number separately. 
Regardless of what country has been selected, you may enter the phone number for any country format.